Software checklist: clarify kernel version requirements (#1455)
minio/docs: source/operations/checklists/software.rst

   :width: 100%

   * - :octicon:`circle`
     - Servers running a Linux operating system with a 5.x+ kernel, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9 or Ubuntu LTS 20.04+.

>        MinIO recommends the latest stable LTS version in the 5.x or 6.x kernel series.

Reviewer: I'm playing with this in a separate tutorial:

So for second sentence maybe 'Ensure the chosen OS uses LTS and in-support releases of the Linux Kernel 5.x or 6.x series.
```

Author: works for me

>        MinIO recommends the latest stable LTS version in the 5.x or 6.x kernel series.

Author: ```suggestion
       Ensure the chosen OS uses LTS and in-support releases of the Linux Kernel 5.x or 6.x series.
```
